# hello-world
Pursuing my passion

Hello world,

I am a very passionate person. When I find something I enjoy, I make it my obsession until I become the absolute best I can be at it. From a young age, I always loved sports. My father taught and coached me through several sports growing up including basketball and baseball. It wasn't until I was a teenager that I started to play golf. My brain operates in very technical way I always wanted to understand how things operated. Combine this with my newfound passion golf, and a new obsession was created. Every golf swing had its own intricacies and I was determined to become not only the best I could be at the sport, but to show everyone else how to become the best they could be at the sport. I pursued this passion through college until I became a PGA Golf Professional. I was playing at an ultra competitive level against former PGA Tour players all while teaching golf and working at a Country Club. However, the business world can be cruel to one's passion. I found myself in a dark spiral towards hating the sport I once was so passionate about. The typical business world drove me out of an industry that was corrupt, underpaid, and destroying my personal life. I decided to make a change and re-focus my career on another passion of mine, computers and helping others. I have an enormous amount of customer service experience from working in the golf shop with an incredible range of service that all involved treating each and every customer like family. I wanted to take this experience and bring it to a new career for myself. It is now my passion and obsession to start my new career working for the companies that I admire and respect who have decided to buck the cutlural norms and say the typical business world isn't about just treating your customers like family, but your employees as well. Companies like RealHQ, Harvest, Zapier, GitHub, Boll & Branch, and numerous others. Small companies that you may have never heard of and aren't necessarily changing the world with the servcies/prodcuts, but are changing work culture and that alone is enough to make an impact on the people that work for them. I'm creating my GitHub profile to do whatever it takes and learn everything I can possibly teach myself to make sure I can put myself in a position that makes these companies say, I want Chris Schlosser to work for us. I know that all I need is the opportunity to learn and I will become the best candidate and eventually the best employee at any of company I want to work for.
